Add pytest test suite (#36)
OSGeo/gdal-grass: autotest/gdrivers/data/small_grass_dataset/README.txt

> This is a very small extract from the sample set http://grass.itc.it/sampledata/fire_grass6data.tar.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a very small extract from the sample set https://grass.osgeo.org/sampledata/fire_grass6data.tar.gz
```

Author: Thanks!
